docs: add documentation for all secure acl introduction work (#5640)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/acl/acl-system.html.md

 Accessor ID which is used to name a token, and a Secret ID which is used as the bearer token used to
 make requests to Consul.

For many scenarios policies and tokens are sufficient, but more advanced setups
may benefit from additional components in the ACL system:

>  * **ACL Roles** - Roles allow for grouping a set of policies and service

Author: ```suggestion
 * **ACL Roles** - Roles allow for the grouping of a set of policies and service
```

>    identities into a reusable higher-level entity that can be linked with many

Author: ```suggestion
   identities into a reusable higher-level entity that can be applied to many
```

>    tokens. (Added in Consul 1.5)

Author: ```suggestion
   tokens. (Added in Consul 1.5.0)
```

 * **ACL Service Identities** - Service Identities allow for an abbreviated

>    syntax for expressing a kind of policy needed for an token to be usable with

Author: kait: This could be reworded, but I'm feeling that the likening of service identities to policies is very helpful. I think if we could flush it out here it will be really helpful for users and we could use the language in the other docs.

   [Consul Connect](/docs/connect/index.html). At authorization time this acts
   like an additional policy was attached, the contents of which are described
   further below. These are directly attached to tokens and roles and are not

>    independently configured. (Added in Consul 1.5)

Author: ```suggestion
   independently configured. (Added in Consul 1.5.0)
```

 Accessor ID which is used to name a token, and a Secret ID which is used as the bearer token used to
 make requests to Consul.

> For many scenarios policies and tokens are sufficient, but more advanced setups

Reviewer: I like the way you've divided these concepts.

and will be assigned the reserved ID of `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001`. This policy can be renamed but modification
of anything else including the rule set and datacenter scoping will be prevented by Consul.

> ### ACL Service Identities

Author: kait: Can you add or link to an example?

> -> (Added in Consul 1.5)

Author: ```suggestion
-> Added in Consul 1.5.0
```

> An ACL Service Identity is an abbreviated syntax for expressing a link to a

Author: ```suggestion
An ACL service identity is an abbreviated syntax for expressing a link to a
```

Author: kait: What is the "abbreviated syntax"?

policy suitable for use in [Consul Connect](/docs/connect/index.html). They are
usable on both tokens and roles and are composed of the following elements:

* **Service Name** - The name of the service.
* **Datacenters** - A list of datacenters the effective policy is valid within. (Optional)

At authorization time a service identity acts like an additional policy was
attached to the token with the following contents:

```hcl
// Allow the service and its sidecar proxy to register into the catalog.

> service "{{ SERVICE_NAME_FIELD }}" {

Author: ```suggestion
service "<Service Name>" {
```

	policy = "write"
}

> service "{{ SERVICE_NAME_FIELD }}-sidecar-proxy" {

Author: ```suggestion
service "<Service Name>-sidecar-proxy" {
```

	policy = "write"
}

// Allow for any potential upstreams to be resolved.
service_prefix "" {
	policy = "read"
}
node_prefix "" {
	policy = "read"
}
```

### ACL Roles

> -> (Added in Consul 1.5)

Author: ```suggestion
-> Added in Consul 1.5.0
```

and will be assigned the reserved ID of `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001`. This policy can be renamed but modification
of anything else including the rule set and datacenter scoping will be prevented by Consul.

### ACL Service Identities

-> Added in Consul 1.5.0

> An ACL service identity is a policy template for expressing a link to a policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ACL service identity is an [ACL policy](/docs/acl/acl-system.html#acl-policies) template for expressing a link to a policy
```

and will be assigned the reserved ID of `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001`. This policy can be renamed but modification
of anything else including the rule set and datacenter scoping will be prevented by Consul.

### ACL Service Identities

-> (Added in Consul 1.5)

An ACL Service Identity is an abbreviated syntax for expressing a link to a
policy suitable for use in [Consul Connect](/docs/connect/index.html). They are
usable on both Tokens and Roles and are composed of the following elements:

* **Service Name** - The name of the service.
* **Datacenters** - A list of datacenters the effective policy is valid within. (Optional)

At authorization time a service identity acts like an additional policy were
attached to the token with the following contents:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

Will JSON get angry with the `//`?

* **Secret ID** -The bearer token used when making requests to Consul.
* **Description** - A human readable description of the token. (Optional)
* **Policy Set** - The list of policies that are applicable for the token.

> * **Role Set** - The list of roles that are applicable for the token. (Added in Consul 1.5)

Author: ```suggestion
* **Role Set** - The list of roles that are applicable for the token. (Added in Consul 1.5.0)
```

> * **Service Identity Set** - The list of service identities that are applicable for the token. (Added in Consul 1.5)

Author: ```suggestion
* **Service Identity Set** - The list of service identities that are applicable for the token. (Added in Consul 1.5.0)
```

* **Locality** - Indicates whether the token should be local to the datacenter it was created within or created in
the primary datacenter and globally replicated.

> * **Expiration Time** - The time at which this token is revoked. (Optional; Added in Consul 1.5)

Author: ```suggestion
* **Expiration Time** - The time at which this token is revoked. (Optional; Added in Consul 1.5.0)
```
